Update docs (#63)
digipost/signering-docs: source/signeringsflyt.rst

#. The signer conducts the signing ceremony
#. End page from which the signed document can be downloaded

> When addressing a signer without a national identity number, it is the sender’s responsibility to check that the right or desired person signs the document.

Reviewer: Veldig nitpick, men det er jo ikke personen (undertegner) selv som mangler et "national identity number", men _adresseringen_ som ikke benytter dette. Endrer også "right or desired" til "intended".

```suggestion
When signers are addressed without using their national identity numbers, it is the sender’s responsibility when a signature job is completed to verify that the intended persons have signed the document(s).
```
